W-19675326-alert-limits-duke (#411)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/alerts.adoc

== Alert Limits

> The number of alerts allocated to your organization depends on your organization's pricing model. Alert counts differ by alert type:
> 
> * For API alerts, only active alerts count toward the alert limit. Paused alerts do not count towards the limit.
> * For Mule apps and Server (server, server group, or cluster) alerts, all alerts count toward the alert limit, both active and paused.

Author: ```suggestion
The number of alerts allocated to your company depends on your pricing model. Alert counts differ by alert type:

* For API alerts, only active alerts count toward the alert limit. Paused alerts do not count toward the limit.
* For MuleSoft apps and for servers, server groups, or clusters, all alerts count toward the alert limit, both active and paused.
```
